Add a header image to the homepage
==================================

Goal
----

Our homepage is currently a bit naked. To stir our users emotions when they 
enter the page, we'd like to add a nice header image.

Steps
-----

* Add a new property `headerImage` to `config/templates/pages/homepage.xml`
* Log into the admin UI with user "admin" and password "admin"
* Switch to "Assets" and create a new asset collection named "Header Images"
* Upload some image to the collection
* Modify the "Homepage", select the header image and save
* Add a new image format to `config/image-formats.xml` 
* Output the image in `templates/pages/homepage.html.twig`

Hints
-----

* Use `{{ dump(content) }}` in the Twig template to find out how to output the
  header image URL.

More Information
----------------

To solve this assignment, we need to understand a few different concepts in Sulu:

Each page in Sulu has a **template**. The template consists of two parts:

* an XML file with the structure of the page
* an HTML (Twig) file with the HTML of the page

A template is made up of **properties**. Each property has a name (for example 
"title") and a (content) type (for example `text_line`). The supported content
types can be found in the documentation:
http://docs.sulu.io/en/latest/reference/content-types/index.html

Or via the command `bin/console sulu:content:types:dump`.

Sulu uses image formats to transparently create thumbnails for uploaded images. 
A thumbnail is generated when it is accessed for the first time. That means that 
only the thumbnails that you really use are stored on disk.

Different strategies can be used to resize images. These are stored in the action element. 
The most used action is scale, which crops an image into the desired window, 
keeping its original aspect ratio (http://docs.sulu.io/en/latest/book/image-formats.html).
