Add a content block to the homepage
===================================

Goal
----

Currently our homepage is composed of one big text editor and lacks the possibility 
to manage different kinds of content blocks. E.g. text with floating image, an image 
gallery or quote. We want a flexible way to manage this kind of content blocks without 
worrying about that a content manager breaking the site.

Steps
-----

* Add a new block `blocks` to `config/templates/pages/homepage.xml` with more than one block type
* Log into the admin UI with user "admin" and password "admin"
* Modify the "Homepage" and add some content blocks
* Output the blocks in `templates/pages/homepage.html.twig`

Hints
-----

Run `bin/console sulu:content:types:dump` to get a list of all the available content types.

More Information
----------------

The block content type allows to group an arbitrary amount of other content types. Each block 
can define multiple types with with different content types included. These blocks can then be 
repeated and ordered by the content manager in the Sulu administration interface.

A quite common use case is to combine a text editor with a media selection. This way a text can 
be directly linked to an image via the assignment to the same block. This approach has its biggest 
benefit over putting images into the text editor when used in combination with responsive design. 

In contrast, adding images to the text editor would make it quite hard to adapt the format and 
placement in the twig template.
