Add a page template `Event` overview ot the website 
===================================================

Goal
----

Unfortunately our website is lacking an overview of all events. We would love to 
provide a page that displays all the events we are managing.

Steps
-----

* Create a new template by adding a `config/templates/pages/event_overview.xml` file and a `templates/pages/event_overview.html.twig` file
* Add a property `events` with type `smart_content` and the provider `events` to your `event_overview.xml`
* Log into the admin UI with user "admin" and password "admin"
* Create a new page `Events` and select the newly created `event_overview` template
* Assign the page to the `main` navigation context
* Output the events provided by the smar_content property in your `templates/pages/event_overview.html.twig`

Hints
-----

* Use `{{ dump(content.events) }}` in the Twig template to find out how the data that is returned by a smart_content property is structured.

More Information
----------------

The smart content is one of the most powerful content types of Sulu. It allows the content manager to dynamically 
configure an aggregation of content from differen data sources. This is possible by registering data providers for 
different data sources in the system. A data provider defines which options are supported for its data source and is 
responsible for loading the respective data. 

Sulu already includes preconfigured data providers for pages from the content management section, contacts, accounts and media entites.
